REMARK SKILL                                                                         Remark  
                                                                                     Skill  
                                                                                     Education


                              SUMMER INTERNSHIP APPRECIATION LETTER

Date: 8th May, 2022

                              TO WHOM SO EVER IT MAY CONCERN

   This is to certify that Mr. BYALLA SHASHANK has completed his Summer Internship with
   Remark Skill Education on Artificial Intelligence. During the span of the internship with us, the candidate has been actively 
   & diligently involved in the projects and tasks assigned to him. The candidate has exclusively worked on the project 
   which implicated the practical execution of the courseware and the skills the students had learned with us as part 
   of the Remark Skill Online Internship Program from 28 March 2022 to 8th May 2022.
   
  So at this moment with this letter, we acknowledge that the student has done a project on the topic of: 
  k-nearest neighbors algorithm
  We found him sincere, hardworking, technically sound and result-oriented. He has shown impressive skill 
  towards being a diligent task handler as well as collaborating with the team and being a seamless part of 
  the team during his tenure. He has shown the ability to incorporate the ideologies and concepts of the company 
  be a strong team player and contribute towards successful result-oriented goals. We take this opportunity 
  to thank him for being a part of our organization and wish him all the best for his future at Remark Skill Education.
  

Maghu Das
Ms. Madhu Das
Mobile: +91 8287-916-037
Managing Head | Remark Skill Education
Office Address: WOLK, Bakshi House 40-41, Nehru Place-110019
Regd. Address: Plot No. 1/3989 ground floor, Ram Nagar, Shahadara Delhi - 110032
Email: info@remarkskill.com Visit: www.remarkskill.com

                               Associated Certification Partners

Microsoft               CERTIFIED ASSOCIATE  AUTODESK.       EC-Council Microsoft 
Technology Associate    Adobe                Certified User  Office Specialist
